Osdocs 8121 Release Note (#66989)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

==== Update to HAProxy 2.6
With this release, {product-title} is updated to HAProxy 2.6.

[id="ocp-4-14-max-log-length-sidecar"]
==== Support for configuring the maximum length with sidecar logging in the Ingress Controller
Previously, the maximum length of the syslog message in the Ingress Controller was 1024 bytes. Now, the maximum value can be increased.

> For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-operator.adoc#nw-configure-ingress-access-logging_configuring-ingress[Allowing IngressController to modify the HAProxy log length when using a sidecar].

Reviewer: For the link text, would suggest using either the name of the heading it links to
```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-operator.adoc#nw-configure-ingress-access-logging_configuring-ingress[Configuring Ingress access logging].
```

or the title of the section you want.
```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../networking/ingress-operator.adoc#nw-configure-ingress-access-logging_configuring-ingress[Allow the Ingress Controller to modify the HAProxy log length when using a sidecar].
```

> [id="ocp-4-14-nmstate-ui-console-update"]

Reviewer: Please add a blank line between this item and the next one

==== Update to HAProxy 2.6
With this release, {product-title} updated to HAProxy 2.6.

[id="ocp-4-14-max-log-length-sidecar"]

> ==== Increased maximum log length while using a sidecar
> Previously, the maximum length of the syslog message in the Ingress Controller was 1024 bytes. Now, the maximum value can be increased.

Reviewer 2: Two suggestions:
* The heading probably should mention that this new option is for Ingress Controllers.  
* The text should say "sidecar" rather than "syslog".  (Internally, sidecar logging actually does run a syslog instance inside the sidecar container, but that's an implementation detail, and I don't see syslog mentioned in other product documentation about sidecar logging.)
```suggestion
==== Support for configuring the maximum length with sidecar logging in the Ingress Controller
Previously, the maximum length of log messages when logging to a sidecar in the Ingress Controller was 1024 bytes. Now, the maximum value can be increased.
```

// For more information, see xref

> :../networking/ingress-operator.adoc#nw-configure-ingress-access-logging_configuring-ingress[Allowing IngressController to modify the HAProxy log length when using a sidecar].

Reviewer 2: There's a problem with the syntax here—the xref isn't rendering properly:

![Screenshot from 2023-10-26 23-10-50](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/2042465/7de5a79a-e500-4456-af12-f76c48050294)
